#summary Run Dementia ASAP

= Quick Start =

If you don't have the time or patience to watch the presentation or read this manual, follow the steps below to have _Dementia_ up and running as quickly as possible.

 # *Prerequisites* - _Dementia_ needs Internet access during its *first start* in order to download necessary kernel symbols (i.e. PDB files) from the Microsoft Symbol Server. Necessary DLLs (`dbghelp.dll` and `symsrv.dll`) are included in the download archive, but it is strongly recommended to obtain new versions of the mentioned DLLs (these DLLs are a part of  [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/hardware/gg463009.aspx Debugging Tools for Windows] package).
 # *Download appropriate release* - depending on the architecture you are using (32-bit or 64-bit), choose appropriate release for download from the [http://code.google.com/p/dementia-forensics/downloads/list Downloads] page.
 # *Extract the archive contents* - after downloading the appropriate release, contents of the downloaded archive must be extracted to a directory of your choosing.
 # *Run _Dementia_* - this is the most involving step. _Dementia_ has three available hiding methods:
   * *User-mode hiding* (only _Memoryze_ is currently supported)
   * *Kernel-mode hiding based on hooks*
   * *Kernel-mode hiding based on file system mini-filter driver*
 All three methods are supported on 32-bit systems, while on 64-bit architecture only the last method (file system mini-filter) is supported.
 Running `Dementia.exe` without parameters will list all available options:

{{{
Dementia - v1.0 -- Windows memory anti-forensics suite
Copyright (c) 2012, Luka Milkovic <milkovic.luka at gmail.com> or <luka.milkovic at infigo.hr>

Usage: Dementia.exe [-h|--help -d|--debug -f|--file] -m <evasion_method> [-a|--args]
General options:
  -h [ --help ]         view program description
  -d [ --debug ]        print verbose/detailed program output - useful for
                        debugging
  -f [ --file ]         write all program output to "log.txt" file
  -m [ --method ] arg   Evasion method. Following methods are supported
                        (specify wanted method by number):

                        1 - Memoryze usermode evasion: Hides kernel level objects - process block, threads and network connections from the usermode
                        2 - Generic kernel-mode evasion module: Hides kernel level objects related to target process using kernel driver
                        3 - Generic kernel-mode evasion module: Hides kernel level objects related to target process using kernel driver

  -a [ --args ] arg     pass specific arguments to the evasion method (use info for method specific help) -- arguments are passed in quotes!
}}}

  Additional help for a given method can be obtained by issuing the `-i` argument for the given method.

  For example, if the process with the name `calc.exe` must be hidden using second method (kernel module with hooks), this command line must be used:
{{{
  Dementia.exe -m 2 -a "-P calc.exe"
}}}
  Multiple "objects" (i.e. processes or drivers) can be specified on the command line. For example, command line below shows how to hide process with pid 1234 and driver `HTTP.sys` in addition to `calc.exe` process:
{{{
  Dementia.exe -m 2 -a "-P calc.exe -p 1234 -D HTTP.sys"
}}}